hey justin's dream is about to come true
he's a trainee at the police department
to become a real detective though he has
to pass a challenge
it consists of the hardest detective
riddles
and here's the first one the police had
been looking for kyle for two days
the guy went hiking and never came back
finally he was found
someone had hit him on the head and left
him lying in the bushes
kyle only managed to say friend in a
weak voice
and lost consciousness the police
officers had three suspects
all of them kyle's friends zachary said
he'd spend these last days at work
getting ready for a conference
jesse told the detectives he'd sprained
his ankle and had been in bed for four
days
and billy explained he'd been to new
york for business
the man even showed the police officers
his boarding pass
who's behind the accident with kyle
justin is an attentive guy he
immediately noticed that
billy had showed just one boarding pass
then
how did he get back from new york his
story sounds fishy
now justin is given a note with several
numbers on it
he has to figure out the missing one
it's the code to the safe with the
evidence
he needs to crack the next case five
three six five three hmm
it didn't take justin lawn to understand
the missing number is seven
he needed to get subsequent five three
six and five three seven
the safe's open justin sees a folder
with the case he needs to solve next
mr white a rich businessman disappeared
from his bedroom
but he managed to leave a note it read
the 1st of july
the 4th of january the 1st of december
the 8th of february
the police questioned the people who
were in the house at that time
judy mr white's wife said i'm shocked
my husband was always so careful sadly
i don't know anything i was away staying
at my parents
logan mr white secretary told the police
he had been working on the report for
his boss
and hadn't left his study and rose mr
white's daughter
answered i was having guests we didn't
leave my room
the case is still unsolved can justin
crack it
the one behind mr white's disappearance
is
his wife the first of july means the
letter j
the fourth of january u the first of
december
d and the 8th of february y
altogether it's judy
the next day justin was questioning mary
a suspect in a tricky smuggling case
the girl refused to talk at some moment
she shouted
right now i'd drown my phone in this cup
filled with coffee
and you'll never find out the truth but
justin was totally unbothered by her
threat
why
the cup was filled with coffee beans
they would do no harm to the gadget
a shoe shiner was arrested and taken to
the police station where justin worked
the man was shouting he was an honest
person he cleaned people's shoes for
free
his clients paid him of their own will
but justin soon realized which trick the
shoe shiner used
the man clean one shoe for free nobody
wanted to look untidy in just
one clean shoe and paid him for shining
the other one
[Music]
once justin's boss called his wife and
told her he'd come back home at eight
o'clock
they had no plans for the evening
whatsoever the man was at home
almost on time at five minutes past
eight
but his wife was furious the boss was
confused
when he came to work the next day he
asked justin to explain to him
why his wife had been so angry
[Music]
justin told his boss well your wife
expected you to come home at 8 pm
but you came at 8 in the morning
[Music]
justin was sent to patrol the streets
while walking
he saw a weird picture a man went out of
a house with a bucket of water
shouted and poured this water on the
sidewalk
it took justin some time to figure out
why he had done it
the man had been planning to wash his
car but while he was away
it got stolen
once a bank was robbed the police
suspected that one of the bank's
security guards had helped the criminals
and justin had to question three of them
the first security guard told him
he had heard some shouting and rush
there but by the time he arrived
the criminals had already been gone the
second security guard explained he had
been drinking a cup of coffee at that
moment
and hadn't even heard anything and the
third guard said that he had run
after the thieves but he had to lace his
boot without a second thought
he crouched near an emergency exit at
that very moment the door opened and hit
him on the head
when he came back the criminals had been
gone
justin immediately understood which
guard was guilty
who was it
it was the third security guard all
emergency doors open outwards for safety
reasons
justin's next suspect was a young woman
the guy hadn't seen her yet but he had
her photo
when he was looking at this picture he
felt something was wrong
but couldn't figure out what exactly
then
all of a sudden it dawned on him what
did justin realize
the girl was inside the house but the
door was blocked from the outside
how did she get in and out of the house
through the second floor window
unlikely
a notorious criminal escaped from a
150-foot tower
someone had managed to get him a pair of
scissors and a rope
justin found out that the rope was just
75 feet long
and the criminal had cut it in the
middle now the future detective needs to
understand
how it helped the man get away
[Music]
the criminal indeed cut the rope in the
middle but not across
he made the cut along the rope tied its
two parts together
and got down to the ground without any
problems
a new case for justin martin bought a
car in september
and now just a month later it's stolen
all four suspects are martin's friends
the crime happened at 10 p.m
on wednesday at that time alan was
playing badminton in the park
natalie was driving home from work roy
took his cat for a walk
and rose was doing some grocery shopping
who was behind the car
theft
[Music]
alan it was october at 10 pm it would be
too dark to play badminton
[Music]
an important document is missing and
justin has to find it before his boss
comes back from his vacation
the guy had found out only three people
could take the document
at the moment when the papers
disappeared randy was in his office
analyzing a new case johnny was taking a
shower before his regular gym workout
and kayla was at her firearms training
who took the document
[Music]
it was johnny who takes a shower before
a workout
[Music]
airport authorities suspected a gold
smuggler was going to fly out from their
airport
justin was sent there to help the
suspect was stopped at the customs
but try as they might security officers
couldn't find
anything suspicious in his suitcase just
some personal belongings
they had to let the man go but once he
picked up his suitcase and started to
walk away
justin realized the man did have the
gold
how did he understand it
there were just a few things in the
suitcase meaning the man had to carry it
with ease
but he used both his hands to handle it
it means
there must be something heavy hidden
inside
justin finished his working day and
decided to drop by his favorite coffee
shop
but while he was ordering his cappuccino
someone took his wallet
he only saw a man's retreating figure
justin ran
after him but the man was already
driving away in a black car
our future detective jumped in his own
car and started to follow him
he couldn't drive too fast since it was
raining in 10 minutes
the black car disappeared around the
corner when justin got there
he saw three similar black cars parked
in front of the apartment building
it didn't take him long to understand
which car belonged to the thief
how did he find it out if he didn't see
the man's license
the ground under the first and third
cars is dry
but beneath the second car it's wet it
means its owner has
just arrived
a man came to the police station and
justin was sent to talk to him
he claimed he had been sold a fake coin
the seller told him it was
ancient and the man believed him but
when he came home
he realized he had been fooled justin
threw just one glance at the coin
and agreed with the man why
the coin had a 15 bce mark on it
but people who lived at that time
couldn't know it was before
the current era hey dreams do come true
justin's probation period is over and
he's now
a real detective